(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
(crowd chanting)
Unite and fight!
(Roget)
Jack Atlas is the hope
for the Commons
and the Topsiders alike.
But when Sergey defeats Jack,
their hero will fall.
They will be looking for
a new leader to guide them...
Me.
(Sergey)
Jack Atlas, you are finished!
(Melissa)
It looks like Sergey's
road wrecking
has caused the track to
reach the breaking point!
(Sergey groaning)
(Melissa)
He's not gonna make it!
Whoa!Jack used his Dragon
to pull off
a heart‐thumping
midair rescue!
This duel's gonna
be decided on the track.
Does not compute...
Jack is enemy...
Enemy should not help enemy...
System overload!
Oh, I'm free!
Do not hold back
and come at me
with everything
in your arsenal!
Get back to the plan, Sergey!
Sergey isn't your puppet
anymore.
He and Jack are gonna finish
this duel their way.
Now go, Archfiend!
Molten Crimson Flare!
Grab him, Archfiend!
No!
I once again control
my own fate, Jack!
Farewell...
Until next time!
(Melissa)
Once again, Jack Atlas,
the Master of Faster,
wins the day!
I...
No!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Melissa)
Once again, Jack Atlas
proves he has plenty of pluck
and snatches victory from
the jaws of destruction!
For a while there, it looked
like the Master of Faster
would be slowed to a halt,
but the city's champion
made a turbolicious
comeback!
The protesters
have spread out
all across
New Domino City.
(woman)It's hard to keep
an eye on them
with our limited
resources, butwe're doing our
best.
(man)
They're blocking up
the streets
and flooding
the city center.
If we don't find a way
to stop them soon,
they'll take over
thewhole city.
No one's taking over
my city.
Now then...
Attention all
Sector Security units,
this is an emergency alert.
(beeping)
(Roget)
The Commons are out
to cause havoc
to our fair city and must
be stopped immediately!
(sirens wailing)
Use any means necessary.
(beast roaring, men groaning)
(Shinji)
Looks like Roget
sent out
his brainwashed goons
to stop us.
And their monsters
are itching for a fight.
Well, you know what
I'm always saying...
When somebody has
an itch,
the best thing to do
is scratch it!
All righty, let's do this!
Time to bring it
to those bozos!
I'm totally down
with that!
Here goes!
(creature muttering)
Security doesn't
stand a chance
'cause I'm here
to bring the sting!
Let's buzz 'em!
Stand strong and show 'em what
we're made of!
Let's short circuit those
crossed up crossing guards
and show Roget that his goons
are nothing but buffoons!
(all cheering)
Neither side
is gonna back down!
You're right.
It's only gonna get bigger
and badder.
If they keep fighting,
then both sides
will never get back
together as one.
(man 1) Hurry up!
(man 2) This way!
(man 3)
Let's move!
We'll never make
it to Declan by foot.
I bet there's a hundred
battles between us
and the tower
he's holed up in!
There has to be a way.
There has to be a way to get
to my brother.
Hm... This looks like a job
for Chojiro the Hero!
When everyone sees their hero,
they'll stop fighting
'cause they'll be too busy
asking for my autograph.
Thank you, thank you.
Take it easy, superstar.
If you go out there,
the only thing
they'll be asking for
is your next of kin.
Think so?
I've still got star power!
They'll be lined up
for hours.
(men shouting)
Or not.
They're all fighting.
They won't stop!
(whimpering)
They're getting hurt!
And no one's stopping them!
I'll stop the fight!
Riley, no!
Kid!
This is no time
to go rogue!
It's Shay!
Easy...
You could have
gotten yourself hurt.
Attention,
people of New Domino.
The chaos you are witnessing
in our fine city is proof
that theHigh Council
has failed you,
and failed to maintain
the peace.
But have no fear
as there is one person
who has never
failed you...me!
Therefore, I have taken it
upon myself
with the humblest
of humbles
to be the new leader
of New Domino City.
(gasps)
That rat snake!
To ensure order, I have
no choice but to assume
full authority over this city
and its government.
And as your new leader,
I think it would be
in your best interests
to declare
a full lockdown
of the city.
We were most foolish
to have trusted that man.
He's stolen control
of the city from us.
And he's convincing
the Topsiders
that this was
the right thing to do.
I would think that
was pretty clever
if he wasn't against us,
that is.
You must have a plan
to regain control,
correct, Presider?
Yes.
And my plan is you, Declan.
I know you'll defeat Roget
and then save us all.
I know you won't turn
your back on us
or the welfare of the city
at this crucial hour.
Topsiders and Commons alike,
pledge your allegiance
to me
and I will maintain peace
in the city forever.
He's lying!
He's using the chaos
so he can take over the city!
But people, both Commons
and Topsiders,
you can't let him!
The city belongs to you!
So you gotta
work together...
Zuzu!
...because when
you're all united,
you can create a city
where everybody is happy!
A city
you could be proud of.
If you're not one,
you're done!
Yuya, if you can hear me,
you have to convince them
to stop fighting
with each other.
I know you can do it.
I think that's
why we're here...
Not only to save
our own dimension
but to bring peace
toall dimensions,
to show that dueltaining
is the way to achieve it!
Dueltain your way
into their hearts!
That's enough!
Zuzu!
Easy there, fella!
Zuzu needs my help
and I'm going to rescue her!
That's not what
she asked you to do!
I don't care what she said,
I can't just abandon her!
Somebody has to
break in and free her!
Gong agrees
with you 110%, pal.
But Sora and Moon Shadow
are already on the job.
Zuzu knew there was
only one person
who could end
this craziness,
and that's you!
(Sam)
Hey, Yuya!
(panting)
I thought
I'd never find you.
Sam, what are you
doing out here?
Running as fast as I can
to get you this message
from the Master
of Faster himself.
Jack Atlas?
Yeah.
I just left him
at the Duel Palace
and he wanted me
to track you down
and tell you this
personally.
Jack wanted me to say...
(Jack)
Yuya, I give your duel with Crow
zero stars.
You battled
using brute force,
without any style
or finesse.
You might call yourself
a dueltainer,
but there was nothing
entertaining about your duel!
You couldn't even
make a clown smile.
Jack doesn't pull
any punches!
(Yuya)
But maybe Jack is right.
That duel with Crow
was a total blur!
I don't remember
much of anything.
I kinda felt like I was
out of control
and totally forgot
about entertaining the crowd.
Why did Jack want
to tell me this?
Beats Gong, but we got bigger
fish to frizzle right now!
Was there anything else?
Just one more thing.
He said to tell you
that it's never too late
to get back on track.
I want to know
if you have what it takes!
Yuya!
Are you going to show how
a real dueltainer duels?
Or let stage fright keep you
pacing behind the scenes?
The choice is yours!
Jack is right.
He's saying the same thing
Zuzu said...
Yuya, if you can
hear me,
you have to convince them
to stop fighting
with each other.
Dueltain your way
into their hearts!
(Yuya)
That's right!
I have to remind people
that dueling
is to make people happy.
That's what Jack did
in his duel with Sergey.
Everyone stopped fighting,
Topsiders and Commons alike.
So if I want the people
to really stop fighting,
Jack and Zuzu told me
what I have to do.
Huh? Yuya?
Whoa‐ho!
Where're you headed now?
I've gotta get to
the Duel Palace right away!
We're coming with.
Jack's waiting for me there
and we're gonna put on
the greatest dueltaining show
this city has ever seen!
(Yuya)
Zuzu wants me
to swing into action
and that's just what
I'm gonna do.
I'm ready
to take center stage,
steal the spotlight,
and wow the crowd!
(Gale)
Declan, are you leaving?
How dare you turn your back
on the Council!
(Gray)
I thought you were going
to help us get control
of the city back
from Roget!
Without you fighting
for us,
the city will fall
into further chaos!
But worse, Roget will be
in control instead of us.
We will be powerless.
I knew we couldn't trust
him or the Lancers.
They're no better
than Roget.
Correct, Presider?
Calm down, don't be so quick
to rush to judgment.
♪
Sylvio, our excursion
has not been in vain.
I told you I would
lead you here.
Only six wrong turns,
but we made it!
And Declan's inside.
You'll see
your brother soon.
All right.
Let's go.
All we have to do
is get past
their Security forces.
A piece of cake!
Um, make that a big,
thick piece of cake.
Chojiro the Hero
will step up to the plate!
While I distract them,
you, Shay, and the little one
can find a way to slip inside
and find Declan.
Huh?!
Any objections?
No, then here I go!
No, wait, stop! I object!
You're overruled,
you're overruled!
(Chojiro)
Bring it on, boys!
(laughing)
Declan!
Look, you guys!
He's okay!
Declan!
(soldiers chanting)
Declan Akaba must not escape!
Declan Akaba
must not escape!
Declan Akaba must not escape!
Declan Akaba
must not escape!
Declan Akaba must not escape!
(Gale)
Stop!
(Gray)
We, the High Council,
are in charge, not Roget!
(Azul)
And we order you
to stand down immediately!
(Boldo)
It seems Declan was still
on our side, Presider.
Indeed, I knew
he wouldn't abandon us.
I knew that he would
stand strong and fight for us.
(laughing)
Don't get the wrong idea.
I wasn't fighting for you,
I was fighting for the people.
Roget's mind‐controlled
Security
would only bring
more suffering to this city,
and that's why
I had to stop them.
But you, High Council,
brought a different kind
of suffering to this City.
Our way of ruling
was justified.
We know what's best
for the people
of our great metropolis.
Only the all‐knowing
High Council is capable
of maintaining
the peace.
Are we agreed,
Presider?
Our ways of governing
have maintained the peace
for generations here
in New Domino City.
Yes.
Well, it looks like
your policies need to be
re‐evaluated,
because your city,
your great metropolis,
isn't so great after all.
It was your ways
that created a rift between
the Commons and Topsiders.
And instead
of fixing the rift,
you just ignored them
and made itlook
like this was peace instead
of trying
to create the real thing.
And this led to anger,
which led to chaos,
which led to Roget
being able to steal control.
So maybe you should open up
your eyes,
change your ways,
and stop making excuses
and bring real peace
to everyone.
So we Lancers
are still going to
take down Security
and Roget,
because he doesn't deserve
a free pass
for how he's made
this city suffer.
But, when we restore peace
to the city,
try not to make
the same mistake twice.
(all)
Huh?
Figures!
Everywhere we turn,
it's the same scene
of mob versus monsters!
Any other routes
to the Duel Palace?
We can go this way!
It's a shortcut to a shortcut!
What are you guys
doing here?
Kids shouldn't be romping
around at a time like this!
Don't worry,
we're street smart.
Relax, we know how
to avoid trouble...
except for all the other
troubles we get in,
but that doesn't
apply here.
So you don't have to worry
about a thing, promise!
Okay. What say
you lead the way?
(Amanda)
You got it!
So, what's at
the Duel Palace?
I'm gonna meet
Jack Atlas there.
We'll face off in a duel
that's so entertaining
it will save your city!
Huh? You really think
it'll work?
We better hightail it
over there!
I know the way so well,
I could lead you there
with my eyes closed!
But I think
I'll leave them open.
Hey I'm older,
I should lead!
Come on!
You guys are the best!
The only thanks we want
is for you to save our city!
Yeah, and put on a great show
with Jack Atlas!
'Course,
it wouldn't hurt
to throw in
some candy, too!
(shouting)
Damon!
Are you okay?
(creatures muttering)
There's too many
of 'em.
That's loser talk.
And we Commons
are anything but that.
We got this!
Well, at least I think
we do.
(Crow)
You guys have nothing
to worry about!
Huh?
'Cause I'm bringing some serious
air power to this tussle!
Take flight and fight!
Raikiri, what do you say
we swoop on in
and clear a path for our pals!
Crow!
Hope you don't mind
my dropping in!
Raikiri, blast away!
(men groaning)
And it's Crow
in a shutout!
With an assist from
his feathered friend!
With you leading us,
we'll keep this fight rolling
and take control of the city
for all the Commons!
Take over the city?
That's not what we should do!
What are you thinking?
(all)
Huh?
Here's the deal:
Commons and Topsiders have to
stop fighting.
If we want
to save our city,
then both sides have to
join forces
and come together
and work as one!
No thanks.
Topsiders are the worst
of the worst!
They've oppressed us
for long enough!
We finally have
a chance to get revenge
and we're gonna
take it!
I'll never forgive
those stuck‐up creeps,
and there's no way I'll ever
make friends with 'em
or fight beside 'em!
So, you guys
are bent on paying
the Topsiders back,
no matter what.
Listen, I used to
think like you,
but I was wrong,
and you're wrong, too!
That's how you see it...
But from our viewpoint,
the only way
to rise up is
to take the Topsiders down.
Maybe you should
figure out whose side
you're really on,
Crow!
Sounds like
he has!
We won't let you or anyone else
stand in our way,
friend or no friend.
♪
We made it!
From here,
it's a straight shot
to the Duel Palace,
Yuya!
Yeah,
you're home free!
(Terron)
Except for all those people
blocking your way.
Let us in or we'll let
ourselves in
and we ain't got
no keys!
These babysitters
aren't gonna be able
to keep us out forever!
You bunch of cowards!
Move outta the way
everybody!
here comes
the Yuya Express!
So unless you want
to get Gongdozered,
y'all better make
like a hairline
and part the way for this
two‐ton gargantuan!
Looks like
a couple more Topsiders
are seeking sanctuary!
Oh, yeah?
If they wanna
be safe,
they came
to the wrong place!
Stay behind Gong!
Gong's gonna clear a path
so that you can get yourself
to the Duel Palace.
Make sure you stay close
though, you hear?
Gong's gonna bowl a strike
and set those pinheads down,
and that's when
you make a run for it!
Seriously?
You don't like bowling?
Hey, look!
(Amanda, Frankie, Terron)
It's Shay!
Yuya!
Hop on!
Whoa!
All right!
(laughter)
That was great
timing!
How'd you
track us down?
You're not that difficult
to figure out.
After Zuzu's
little speech,
we knew
you'd be heading
straight towards
the Duel Palace...
Right, Declan?
Declan?
♪
(all)
Oh!
What's all this ruckus
about?
Huh?
Hey, boys!
Grab your gear and get on
out here!
We're going out to the city
with a breaking newsflash!
Something big is brewing!
Yuya Sakaki just flew in
from the clouds
and touched down
here at the Duel Palace
with a posse of people!
Could this have something
to do with the Friendship Cup?
Huh? Oh!
Mind if I borrow this?
I most certainly do,
bucko!
Sorry, ma'am...
But my friend has a quick
emergency broadcast message!
Over to you, Yuya!
That's mine!
Okay, let's get rolling!
Your attention, please!
I have an ultra important
announcement
that nobody in this
city will wanna miss!
What's he up to?
Jack Atlas and I are about
to duke it out
in the final bout
of the Friendship Cup!
Under martial law, only I can
authorize public events.
I will have to
shut you down!
I regret to inform you
that the council
has relieved you
of your duties, Roget.
We are also lifting
your decree of martial law
and ordering
all security forces
to disengage
from further combat.
You bumbling old fool.
I won't let you strip away
my power without a fight!
My security units
will remain loyal to me!
We made it.
Security headquarters.
Zuzu's in there.
There are too many
of them.
Let us find
a side entrance.
That's right!
We're having a duel!
The most funtastic duel
you've ever seen!
Jack and I will put on
a show guaranteed
to rock every block
in this metropolis!
And when it's over...
You're gonna find
that there's a new king!
The King...
of Dueltaining!
♪